Meeting 01 - 05/28/2019

Two events we have to prep for
First tuesday of the semester
Meet the Board <games>
Something to keep in mind
room makeover: new lock, stable furniture, and misc products for comfort.   
Hackathon
Mailing List
Smaller Events throughout the year 
code nights
faculty research talks
resume, cover letter, and linkedin workshops
students show and tell
Company Connections?
Will be needed for events


Meeting 02 - 
How are the events going?
meet the boards 
club fair
hackathon 
research talks
the tri-board is given to tyler + siam
update on the key + room situation
hackathon - just discuss
themes 
sponsors 

1. New logo: need something that will attract people and that we can put on merch that people will get from us. (Give a speaker a mug with a nice logo. (Tyler and vincent)
	Have the club members submit and then we vote
	All of us sumit one.
2. Club fair
- tri-board. What photos to put on it? possible events, way to contact us (bio), photos of past events (Shahzoda)
	have a whiteboard of coding challenges (converting binary to hexadecimal)
	what to give out: 
Tyler: Essentia sponsorship
Candy, water
get emails
3.Gift bags: packages to give to speakers as a thank you and to remind them of Brooklyn College.
	shirts, mugs,plastic bottles, customized usb drives, business card, thank you cards/notes, pens, etc.
	put it in a bode box, or a plain brown bag, box --> wrapping paper with a bow.
	blocked until we get a logo
4. Bubble tea problem solving event (Bobbasaur)
5. Research talks: Send emails today
6. Key+Room:
	follow up with SAIL (Mia)
	-Sent Goetz an email
7.Meet the Boards
	Second week (need to know when meet the greeks is)
	Taboo, Monopoly, Exploding cans, Uno, Playing Cards, Chess, DnD
	budgets and board games
	What room:
		Subo basement
8. Hackathon
	12 hours
		Vincent: short so event should be silly; 12 hr hackathon are not polished might be hard to get sponsers
	Theme: 
	2 modes of thought: (Weâ€™ve decided on pathways)
		1. we give them a challenge
		2. they create their own things
costumes!!!!
pathways: each pathway has 3 prizes (bubble tea)
fun/creative challenges
sponsor based (if we get IBM we do an ibm watson based challenge)
math club could be a sponsor, math challenge
	Sponsors: bloomberg (Stephon), jpmorgan (Shahzoda), nycdoe (Rohma), calexico (Tyler),
	Location: SUBO- rent out a few floors like magner center does for career fair, 7th floor
	Need Security
	make it accessible to people without computers
		ask Langsam, library
	open only to brooklyn college students
		registration: try to get RSVPs (rule of halves get 200 RSVPs to get 100 members)
we want people to come, keep it within CUNY if there is a low number
			if open to CUNY, set up guest wifi
	costs:
	Dates: Needs to be a Sunday, Spring Semester, beginning of semester (first or second week)
	do a week of workshops before the hackathon: MLH
		workshop leaders should be student volunteers (not us!)
	reach out to math cub, engineering club, wics, Crypto club
	Judges: each pathway gets its own judges
		judges
	Overall winner:
each pathway winner gets prizes
but overall winners get better prizes
Post hackathon event: for celebrating on common hours tuesday
Winners present their code
Whatâ€™s left:
solidify budget, sponsors, (logo)
9. future possible events: something like google games 
10. Stephen needs a room in ingersoll: interview prep
	Heâ€™s in charge if he needs more help he can ask.
	Vincent sitting in most of them
bi-weekly, tri-weekly


Assignments:
1. flyers, (me, shahzoda)
2. tyler and siam triboard design 
3. shahzoda find photos,
3. we all make a logo
4. vincent update hackathon doc
5. we all reach out to sponsors
6. tyler and vincent work on thank you bags


meeting 03 - July 6th
logos:
top 5 
we have club members (including the eboard) vote  later
fave logos to refine:

shahzoda
rohma
tyler
siam
vincent
tyler
vincent2
shahzoda2
rohma3
siam1
siam2
siam3
siam1
siam3
siam2
vincentmonitor
tyler
shahzoda4
shahzoda2
winninglogo
Shahzoda3
Shahzoda2
Siam3
VincentMonitor2
Rohma3
Tyrone1
Vincent2.png
Tyler 
Shahzoda3.png
Shahzoda4
Siam3
Rohma3
Rohma3
Shahzoda4
Siam4
Tyler
Vincent4
Winning logo
Obama

logos to refine 
Tyler - 5
VincentMonitor  - 5 
Shahzoda3 - 2
Rohma3 - 4
Siam3 - 4

updates:
rohma: yankofksy & chen, are confirmed 
others not so much


rohma: langsam meeting scheduled
Monday, August 12th at 1:15 pm in room 2109 Ingersoll
siam: codepath email draft for codepath
codepath: free classes for bc students
thereâ€™s an application process !! 
siam is leading it :,)
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdab26D3xdu9XRRgF9Sz9fmVc6eitkT2AdjGXf9R7IiMBCw6A/viewform
sidenote, rohma: cyber security lead with magner center
tyler is leading, start a draft email 
we need to follow up with magner center on that
organization IQ4
shahzoda confirms tis real
Vincent:
do we want 12hr vs 24hrs:
finally decided on 12hrs
Tyler: 
calexico, his workplace, is open to sponsoring a hackathon 
needs to be talked about more 
his selling point/speech:
an event open to school where they come into a coding competition 
they have foods and other fun stuff
we can brand them with hackathon shirts, hand out vouchers 
rohma: we can set up posters/banners for advertising 
good will for the community 
helping out the students
encouraging opportunities
amazing event for students 
Photos donâ€™t forget  @ shahzoda 
Shahzoda 
leads with amazon & pinterest
they will lead workshops
they will be part of a rotating group of mentors 
they will ask their company 
Takeaways
everyone: refine logo
shahzoda: form & pictures
tyler: email natalia with help about IQ4
siam: email langsam about codepath.
Next Potential meeting (aka deadline for these tasks):
Saturday July 20th 

Meeting 04 - 07/20/2019
logos 
vincent: same logo refinement/vincent5
shahzoda: refinement/shahzoda2
tyler refinement/bulldog2
siam: making more changes
rohma: sheâ€™s not in 
voting will happen through survey monkey 
siam will take the lead
siam: emailed langsam
there was negative response
he doesnâ€™t wanna give credit
talk to him in person
we should talk the 12th
we should make an agenda for that day 
heâ€™s doubtful that any professor will take the lead	
what professor do you think would be good and want to?
mermelstein 
sokol
levitan
katherine chung?
shahzoda: made the folder with all the photos itâ€™s in the root directory
shahzoda: form. this is for full time individuals 
feedback?
siam: good. professional. should we have confirmation?
tyler: good, all grounds covered 
vincent: change the name to hackweek? none
rohma: not here
work on it after work @shahzoda
tyler: did not do his taks tisk tisk. 
no draft email for natalia 
vincent: any leads for the hackathon stuff?
no work to do right now
with tyler have to discuss the giftboxes --no progress
club fair--Siam and tyler
no development yet
no development on the tri-board
no development on the flyers
water bottles secured
ice box secured - Siam
maybe tyler has one 
no development on the challenges or puzzles 
I want it written on the excel sheet 
board games
flyer refinement will be done by next meeting
solid list board games and their prizes
see if langsam and stephon will/should talk 
practice our questions and answers
feedback on questions?
siam: not a big fan of question 6 (whatâ€™s your fave food) bc he doesnâ€™t have one :(
tyler: after question 6, open it to everyone, close it with Q7, then leave to next room
siam: question 1-3 mandatory, everyone doesnâ€™t have to answer
vincent: approves.
rohma: not here :(((
too many people??
confirmation system? 
siam: let people go in and out (osmosis)
tyler: a spot for chilling and talking
tyler: we will not be over crowded 
siam: we could have an rsvp form 
tyler: people will leave on their own
first come first serve
siam: they wonâ€™t wanna play board games the whole time
vincent: no feedback. itâ€™s okay.
Tyler: allow people to bring your own board games!!
research talk
rohma still not here
shahzoda: no progress so far
tyler & vincent:
how much it would cost us to have a 12 hour event?
we should talk about the hackathon to langsam 
sponsorship:
tyler: no updates on calexico
shahzoda: linkedin person i need to follow up with
meeting with jpmc person on monday
vincent: need club room ??
shahzoda: willing to open and close the room but canâ€™t give you the key.
tomorrow: 10-11 pm
shahzoda: can we wear a club shirt for gang pics
can we have club fair and year on it ???
overall looks like a yes??
tyler and siam say no lol
vincent and shahzoda say yes
rohma is the tie breaker
tyler: maybe compromise
siam letters
shahzoda names??
Birthdays
tyler: dec 3th
siam: july 14th
vincent: nov 19th 
shahzoda: sep 15
rohma: july 21   

Takeaways
the club fair stuff needs to be ready -- high priority [tyler, with siam]
tri-board design
flyer design
puzzles 
total budget for the club fair
gift basket -- lower priority [tyler, with vincent]
blocked: till we choose design winners
5 (or any other amount) of customized items. 
specify how many of each. 
total budget for this
also: choose what the container will be (bag, box, wrapped, etc)
logos --high priority [vincent, with siam]
updates as needed to the logos 
survey monkey (or any other) with logos uploaded 
posts made 
votes counted // winners posted 
make sure the account is made from the bc.cis email 
make sure the login info is in the spreadsheet 
the board games [shahzoda]
specify 
the total number of games
room
how many people the room fits 
how many people the board games support
total budget of the event 
whether we want anyone else (stephon or langsam to talk)
codepath [siam, with shahzoda]
make a fb post 
to gauge interest -> if we donâ€™t get enough interest, this initiative getâ€™s dropped
if the fb post goes well, we follow up on the survey question with natalia 
IQ4 [tyler, with shahzoda]
email natalia 
Hackathon 
sponsors to check up on
linkedin [shahzoda]
jpmc [shahzoda]
calexico [tyler]
subo vs elsewhere [vincent, with tyler]
find out how much SUBO will cost -> if too much, the convo opens up to do it outside of campus
Next Meeting
Aug 3rd or Aug 4th 
I need to give you the tri-board

Meeting 05 - 08/04/2019
club fair [Tyler]
Made 2 flyers
comment on the flyers later, Tyler prefers that we pick one flyer
put in instagram/facebook group/contact us/bc in the know because we cant post events until we know dates
put barcodes on them so people can scan them and get on there
inventory list of things we need and budget
75 essential waters- cost: $0
100 logos/stickers- cost: $60-$80
only give out x-amount save the rest for later
100 custom pens- cost: $60-$80
only give out x-amount save the rest for later
puzzles- logic based
some include binary/hexadecimal arithmetic
prizes: $5 gift cards, boba gift cards
logo T-shirts
order in bulk--figure out the number weâ€™d order so we can get cost
TriBoard
photos, resumes, new logo, events with dates, potential events
make it nice and pretty
Budget: $250
gift basket
use club fair inventory
need to work on it more
Logos
70 votes for now
deadline: August 11th
Stats as of today: tyler and vincent are neck in neck
the board games [shahzoda]
put budget in
get it done by the 12th
see what rooms and how many people
only us will speak
codepath [siam, with shahzoda]
not a lot of responses and the soonest we can have it Spring 2020
will make a google form to ask people individual and face to face
IQ4 [tyler, with shahzoda]
natalie said she reached out to IQ4 and reminded us of the IQ4â€™s panel (one of us can moderate the panel)
miriam who leads it is on vacation right now 
Hackathon
the sponsorship packet
we should all look through it
update on Calexico
canâ€™t do food on our scale
but they can do money/sponsorship
friend who runs nyu bootcamps and can also put Tyler in contact with other local cafes that could do food 
give it a name
because hacks (possible) 
bulldog hacks
we all think about names
tacken: bc hacks, hacks bc
acronym with our names
Websites [Vincent]
github: canâ€™t be done until Shahzoda turns off 2-factor authentication
General Updates:
Stephen has idea for panel for Freshmans and Sophomores getting advice from CS Alumns
Shahzoda in touch with people in linkedin with sponsorship
Meeting on the 12th with Langsam, we will meet earlier at 11

Meeting 06 -
Reviewed Codepath form and edit it
codepath form has been edit 
siam has to send out 
siam on posters
Follow up on the logos
Vincent won 
vincent will announce winners
Reach out to charismal about the budget for next year
no new budget comittee 
Finalize budget and room for the board games event
$92 after group discussion
everyone will bring board games
gold room 
we need to review the questions 
pizza by langsam
water by tyler
Reach out to the marketing society 
siam will send out an email 
siam will have to write the paper to share 
Visit sail 
to figure out if we can book rooms rn 
ask about the club fair 
ask about the budget 
Magner center 
we are sponsoring the google events
flatiron heatlth job fair 
we are volunteering at the fair
shahzoda will send an email to andre 
Promote the Google event
i posted to facebook and chats
have to snend to more chats 
tyler will do it 
mailchimp newsletter 
rohma has to clean it out
or send out initial email -> codepath & google events & get to know us & website & logo
The Github Campus Experts again
student dev packs
now: application, training, phone screenings need 
you guys should all do it â†’ great meat for your resumes 
Review the club fair deets
August 27th 12:15-2:05
puzzle & poster 
review posters everyone 
we also need puzzles that are less brainy 
everyone work on puzzles
need design for tri-board 
tyler (and siam) 
events 
contact info
website 
Review the CS Club merch â€” it was part of the club fair stuff
need a specific excel sheet 
Made an instagram account for bc.cis
a few posts i will go 
Write up for the advice from alums panel 
shahzoda will be responsible 
stephon 
flo
-think more-
Put all the Magner events on a google calendar and share it
nothing more 
Sponsorship packet 
pls review @all 
bc.cis.club@gmail.com
will get emails from magner, bloomberg & linkedin 
everyone will respond 
Magner center 
around 1:30 today weâ€™re seeing sabine 
and maybe, miriam, natalia & andre. 
who wants to moderate the panel?
rohnma is downnnnn 
shahzoda: send email & connect rohma and miriam 
shahzoda: also tell magner to emali bc.cis.club 
event idea: cupcake & chill
post midterm - tyler 
bake cupcakes, bring icing 
budget real lowww
potentially suggested donation
fundraising event 
bake sale?
makes about 200 
kinda sucks
pie day // march 14 // â€œpie or dieâ€
flat rate to enter the challenge 
loser gets pie in the face 
sells poncho 
food event 
buffet 
$5 & $7 (unlimited) dollar plates
hackathon 
space is free 
packet in progress 
tyler says: add things for food/produce sponsors
another packet (copy of the orig) for produce 
more sponsorss
jpmc
linkedin 
bloomberg 
google 
event: stephon about his research 
he wanted around late september 
more students involved 
create a board of directors 
website developers - manage website 
siam wants to do it. 
photographer- photos of events 
newsletter - help with mailchimp
execution - help with events execution 
Takeaways section:
everyone: review sponsorship packets
everyone: think about the alum and seniors for the panel 
rohma: intro to professor goetz, rudowsky, & cogan email
rohma: mailchimp clean & initial email
shahzoda & tyler is making the packet for non tech sponsors
s h o u t o u t s
group photo today  woops
tyler plug the events in the chats
tyler: triboard design
tyler: excel sheet for the merch & final budget
Shahzoda: review website
Shahzoda finess the ig and follow more peeps 
logo 
introduce the board 
website 
shahzoda: email marketting society and let them know we will not be persuing the codepath init (Siam got this)
done:
everyone: think about board of directors positions & and nominations 
rohma & shahzoda: come here wednesday and ask about budget & rooms 
ambassadors are on finding panelist
everyone: log on to the bc email on phone 
vincent: announce winners for the logo 
shahzoda: send an email to miriam about rohma moderator 
shahzoda: also tell magner to emali bc.cis.club 
shahzoda will send an email to andre about volunteering for fall fair 
Meeting 07: 09/02/2019
Event 1, Meet the Boards: Tomorrow 12:30-2, Alumni Room
Expecting: 22 RSVPd yes
Sign in sheet: name, email, how you heard
Board Games: bring as much as we can
each of us bring games
Shahzoda: taboo and scrabble, 2 playing cards, exploding kittens
Tyler: exploding kittens, janga, taboo, chess, scrabble, operation
Sunny: exploding kittens
Rohma: chess, cards
Siam: ninja turtle monopoly
Food/Drinks:
how much should we order? 6 pies
from kosher haven in the cafeteria
Set up:
Mehak, Anna, Islande, Temur, + e-board
Marketing:
Tyler will go to 1115 classes in the morning
print flyers per class and post on the door
Research Talk: 09/17/2019
Yanofsky & Stephon (tentative)
Preferably in ingersoll, prob subo
09/23/2019
Linkedin call for sponsoring hackathon
10/11/2019
Linkedin technical worksop (different from the personal in the call)
Hackathon
Name: B/C Hacks vs Hack@BC 
Round 1:
B/C Hacks: Tyler, Siam
Hack@BC: Vincent
Hack Brooklyn: Rohma, Shahzoda
Round 2:
B/C Hacks: Tyler, Siam,
Hack Brooklyn: Shahzoda, Rohma, Vincent 
Winner: Hack Brooklyn
Hierarchy:
2 members of the eboard control the team [vincentâ€™s idea]
instead of a 2 people, we can build a hierarchy [tylerâ€™s idea]
Planning committee: Hackathon team 
pick people from the board of directors and friends
no application process
Sponsorship - Shahzoda 
Getting Food, Budgeting/Money, and Prizes from external Companies
Recruitment logistics.
Logistics - Vincent 
Planning of the 12-hr hackathon 
Judging Process
Seating & Group Forming
Surprises/Mini events will be done
Hackweek - Rohma 
Fun events to done during the week  
Working with companies and students 
Budgeting & Marketing - Tyler 
Get people to sign up.
Flyers, Advertisement
Misc stuff 
food
stickers,
sweaters, etc
Budgeting: How to divide the money.  
Post Marketing -> feedback and branding
Tech-Ops - Siam 
Making sure WiFi is stable for students and speakers and mentors
Presentation Logistics
Powerstrips 
Laptop Loans/Access
Team communication logistics
Meeting 08: 09/09/2019
Tech Talk
starts at 12:20
have to tell yanofksy 
tuesday 17th 
we have email goetz about the pizza
Coffee & Code Nights
not much to do here 
we just need to promote 
coffee products like creamer sugar, some more thermal cups
optional string lights
Meet the Board
Started late 
Good turn 
Email goetz the week before and remind him the day before 
he will handle
Mailchimp 
Due date: Sept 15th 
1 Person Delegate 
Have a hackathon newsletter 
Vincent 
Iâ€™ll show you how to make a campaign tomorrow 
Website 
Siam and Vincent 
You guys think itâ€™s ready
Iâ€™m going to double check it
Alumni Involvement 
Form review the form @Tyler 
Hackathon 
We can now tell our friends lowkey if we want them to join our planning committee
Potentially: 2 new people.
Think about the hacker
Review the numbers for the our sponsorship 
I have to send out the packer to jpmc and linkedin
Workshops & Learning Resources
2 part workshop 
static sites 
git
Aframe workshop 
Vincent is leading
Anime club R-js  	
Vincent is leading 
Learning Resource 
get a few pages of resources to send out 
Schedule on Google Calendar
Please keep it update it!!

Meeting 09: 09/16/2019
Hackathon
next week we have meeting with linkedin 
this wednesday iâ€™ll talk to jpmc
I really want to connect with etsy and amazon - shahzoda
have a meeting with STEMP 
have a meeting with magner center 
Website 
good version 1
v2 changes: 
all bootstrap
heading & sidebar (reusable components) need to be extracted away and not copied and pasted
include images in the event 
code reviews 
me and someone else 
Github workflow
feature based branching
Alumni Involvement 
review the form i sent 
this is the one that was going to be sent to everyone who responded to the post 
Newsletter 
every 15th or 16th 
in collab with the wics 
rohma or vincent 
Hackathon newsletter 
ready to be out on the october 15th 
iâ€™ll sit with you 
Ren.js 
collab with anime club
ren.js is for graphic novel 
we want this next month week of Oct 21
Halloween bakesale fundraiser??
we are running low on funds!
potentially a bake sale 


Meeting 10: 10/06/2019
Reflect on the first month 
things we
Tyler 
Siam 
Rohma 
Shahzoda
Vincent 
did right
- Met all deadlines with events. All of them a success (club)
- A fire newsletter/website (club)
- Active Instagram
-Started and finished sponsorship packet
-Activated budget


- good number of events 
- newsletter 
- clubrom hours 
- hackathons
- Creating a sense of community
- Fun and practical events
- (personal) studied for everything
- lots of events! 
- balance is not to bad between club and life!
- lots of engagement from the community 
- 


- (Me)Posting stuff :D
- So many hackers at the same event ;(, the old man can retire
- 
did wrong
- Communication could have better (self)
- No club events set in for this month
- Did everything almost to last minute


- getting hung up on one subject 
- not sleeping enough
- 
- Procrastinating on what I need to do (both for club and myself)
- Not enough events planned for October
- not enough oversight


- we didnâ€™t set any events for this month 
- sometimes the club chat can be spamming
- perhaps not enough  meeting
- emaaaillsss!!!
- postersss!!        
- stress
- langsam 
-(Me)Post stuff on time :(
- 
- 
could have done better
-  Organization of all events/ Plan accordingly
- 


- have more technical interview sessions planned
- 
- 
- plan more events
- spread out more responsibility so itâ€™s not all on one person 
- communicating with langsam/goetz
-working with WICS


- planning events further 
- organizing before events?
- more progress on the hackathon 
- content creators and ambassador chats ded
- Venue and sponsors for the hackathon D:
- Actually use my newsletter :|
- 
can apply next month (ideas)
- Have weekly meetings
- 
- 
- reach out to more profs
- have more casual events ie. coffee and code
- 


- club project
- teaching workshops



- biweekly meetings
- set meetings month in advance 
- clear roles and expectations for divvying up work
- set meeting agenda before meeting 
- workshop on tech interviews 
- Have multiple coffee and code dates, towards the end of the month like usual
- 
- 
anything else?


- have better communication with wics
-get/discuss swag for gifts/ prizes


- Somehow enforcing the â€œsuggestedâ€ donation for coffee yields more money for us
- Does the fridge actually work?!?!?!

Action points 
Weekly meeting, every other week in person -> Mon 6:30pm
3 monthly events, but maybe not right now 
tech talks
coffee and code
tech interview 
any other events would be sparsely 
Spread of responsibilities 
Plan the next month 
Work together with wics more 
Discuss: No events set this month
actively plan for the next month 
coffee code for this month -> Oct 30th
fundraiser ->  Hacky Halloween Bake Sale 
With WiCS
tech talk  
Divvying up responsibilities 
erf -> tyler 
posters -> shahzoda
promotion -> vincent 
logistically -> rohma and saim  
Newsletter this month
rohma, saim, and allina have been working on it 
out by the 15th 
working with the content creators 
Follow up: RenJS 
anime club: pres not behind it
could do it without them
any other clubs ? -> japanese culture club & stuck in the lib & any other film club
Potentially with no other club: Oct 22nd, common hours. 
Discuss: LinkedIn Event 
empire state building
60 people 
some food included
friday, nov 8th: 2-4pm 
mon: rohma and tyler to sail 
promotion
logically club stuff??
need more info about omar
rsvp open to club, first come first serve 
join the club on bulldog connection 
tell them how to rsvp
Follow up: hackathon
tyler and shahzoda had a meeting with linkedin  
potentially 1k, but nothing set to stone 
meeting with natalia 
set already mon 12:30 - 1:00
doniyorbek (danny) to help with sponsorship 
follow up 
meeting with subo people (moriama and hamilton)
follow up for tues common hours
JP Morgan 
follow up 
Teachers Pay Teachers 
seems like no 
wics is planning one ???
sounds like they moved it to the same weekend 
plan with them maybe later 
Follow up: Tech Talks
faculty: hui chen
Find time and date -> vincent and rohma find a time  
Calvin -> iâ€™m with this thurs to get the abstract and title 
Fundraiser
Hacky Halloween Bake Sale
Oct 29th 
Cupcake & Code
extra unfrosted cupcakes need
frosting needed 
Date: Wed, Oct 30th
More coffee and code per month?
2x a month?
Event with Flatiron Health 
i followed up with 
sabine nothing back 
Ideas:
technical interview => next month nov
ERFS:
RenJS -> Oct 22nd, 12:30 - 2:00. SUBO/Ingersoll. 
Cupcake and Code -> Wed, Oct 30th. 6pm - 8pm. TV Room. 
Hacky Halloween Bakesale -> Oct 29th, 12:00 - 3:00, maybe 2 tables: New ingersoll entrance & somewhere on west quad. we can do this with wics. whoâ€™s bank does it.

Meeting 11 - 10/14/2019: 
Hackathon 
Amazon: not likely
JPMC: never responded
Etsy: Needs exact location and exact 
TPT: said they canâ€™t 
We need to reach out to new companies 
 go through the contact them point and ask if they would be wiling to contac t
SUBO never responded Moriama and Hamilton 
find the exact date 
exact location 
max capacity 
can we even hold it at subo??
WiCS confirmed their budget!
we need to talk them
mehak and ray -> got a room (from vincent)
allina -> got a budget (from tyler)
Steps:
SUBO
WiCS 
Compromise?
New Folder from Vincent
Budgeting docs
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tyoe4W8OAvSXWc8bFWmcTzaCVbPeu6Yjtd8h2ZSZoW8/edit
cold email
maybe not so long?
Bake Sale 
Follow up on WiCS:
two seperate days 
each going to their own club budget 
but we both support each other 
ERF?
event for the 29th?
12-2 
breezeway 
def submitted!
Tech Interview Event 
name: Cyber Monday Games
date: 11/25/2019 12:00-6pm
logistics:
competition of interview questions
data structs 
algos 
brain teasers/puzzles
teams of 3 
Prizes
club merch 
some kind medal/pin
Free Merchandise/Swaaagg 
400-600 for swag is 
bakesale
grant request?
optional - letâ€™s discuss at the end of the year and end of the semester 
RenJS
ERF?
no bc not sure about club involvement
Any other clubs?
maybe anime 
deadline: nov 1st
date on calendar
LinkedIn:
SAIL: our own event vs day trip
erf submitted for own event and now itâ€™s a day trip
Cupcake & Code
ERF for this month 
submitted 
pending
A date for next month 
date: nov 26th (tues) 6-8
code and stuff
Tech Talks
Professor Chen: ???? on exact time and abstract & summary
Professor Calvin: he needed a mic, heâ€™s basically ready to go otherwise
erf
first we need a purchase order approved
then erf 
date: next tues common hours
A date for the next month 
nov 19th common hours
student: miriam 
prof: chaung 
abstract & summary?
Newsletter?
siam and rohma working on it
wics -> no lol
maybe events?
Community Guidelines?
rohma mentioned 
shahzoda supports 
will come back to this
Stacey in email wants to have phone meeting
tyler, rohma,vincent, and shahzoda 
recruiting 
Facul-tea ðŸµ
reach out to langsam 
reach out to goetz
reach out to more
Bring out the employers next sem - allina
come back to it
right now thereâ€™s a lot on our plate
Reply to the email - cyber security virtual course
eugene responded 
networking events 
is that something we wanna still do?
set up a meeting @ tyler
Genesis - project pi
he wants us to do a club project 
he can lead it, we can support it 
we can find him the idea
he needs to set up a curriculum and see where it goes 
Club hours: we cant do our own things
listen to people 
and step up if you see people being rude, not respecting personal space, and saying things that are nsfw
be responsible for your hours!
promote a safe and comfortable environment for all 


Meeting 12  10/21/2019 
Follow up:
meeting with stacey -> rescheduled
meeting with eugene -> nah 
Meeting with SUBO  -> siam and vincent. 
Discuss: Meeting with Natalia 
went well
tyler and shahzoda need to send a one pager to natalia 
she will have to talk about it to her boss
we are asking her for connections for alums and sponsors
Event Follow ups:
these are all approved & flyers are made 
we have to print out flyers and get them approved
tyler and i will print out black and white fliers now
bake sale
tech talk 
cupcake and code
linkedin
recruiting for brooklyn defenders -> no response 
ren.js -> no update
cyber monday games/tech interview challenges -> no update, letâ€™s talk about it when everyone is here. 
newsletter -> siam and rohma 
Community Guideline?
both for the community, for the following eboard members
letâ€™s put it off until later. we donâ€™t have enough bandwidth for this. 
Follow up: progress with genesis
nah, havenâ€™t talked with him for a while
this is for the raspberry pi
facul-tea meeting
Rohma reach out to langsam 
Who else do we wanna reach out to?
goetz
sokol
chaung
mermelstein
meeting with langsam 
hackathon org 
natalia strongly recommended 
tyler


Tyler
call/email langsam for a meeting 
1 hour at least
siam 
start working on next months newsletter
Shahzoda 
print out posters and get them approved

10/28/2019
I. October Events: 
Bake sale
can we split profit with WICS
no we will help them with theirs
we get the money this time and then they get the money for theirs
Shahzoda will help set up and table from 12-1:30; Rohma will 1-2, Vincent will from 1:30-2:30
follow up with WICS about who can help us
Allina, Mahek, Rey, etc.
Money will end up in lock box- Tyler
Vincent will bring the box back to SUBO 314
Thanks to MVP Carol
we all dress up!
bring speakers, balloons, table cloths!	
Vincent: Bring in speakers
Buy table cloths, orange poster board
print out flyers for all of our events- separate posters
decide prices right then and there, make menu tomorrow tomorrow
Only Bridget gets for free
Amazon event
Remind people tomorrow in the chat
send people over there
Cupcakes and Code
bring leftovers from bake sale
buy a box of cupcakes- keep reciept
Raspberry pi; work on project together
Tyler and Rohma will manage
LinkedIn company visit
promote it
resend it
max 60 people need to give it in 72 hours before
Tyler: add deadline to google form
cyber monday games/tech interview challenges: Nov 25
do it with engineering club
Leader: Rohma and Siam
Prize: Sweaters (Figure out logistics)
Order: 
E-board gets automatically
top 5
Prize: 
Erf: 11/25: Monday 1-6, make posters
Tech Talk: November 19
Katherine Chaung- confirm abstract
End of Semester Party
reach out to WICS- Tyler
Renjs updates:
determine date and time
Vincent
II. Disperse responsibility
	-set up proper roles
	-each event is the â€˜leaderâ€™
	-daily check the chat
	-Read the meeting notes middle of the week
	-Let people fail
III. Last weekâ€™s agenda
IV. Prepare for next months events
V. Newsletter: Siam will send out around 11/15
	new events, past events
VI. Hackathon
VII. Prepare for meeting with SUBO
VIII. Prepare for meeting with Langsam: Wednesday 2:45
FaculTEA- time and date
Hackathon
General update on events
How is he doing!
Next meeting TBD: Wednesday after langsam meeting!


-- meeting with langsam --
-- meeting with subo --
hackathon 
relationship coordinator 
wics - Vincent, Shahzoda
engineering - Siam, Rohma
math - Tyler, Rohma 
magner - Shahzoda, Siam 
womens center - Rohma, Tyler 
Passing on the legacy:
early election  
train/mentor
ERF:
Cyber Monday 25th,
Tech talk 19th, 
FaciulTea-Time 13th
shahzoda make posters
Code and Stuff, Nov 26th 
LinkedIN 
confirmation email 
To send approved RSVP to Omar 
Hackweek
Chuma, Etsy 
Alex, Amazon 
Fekri, Google 
Alveraz, JPMC
Rita, Google
Rohma think more on this 
Shahzoda: do more sponsorship
everyone reach out to three 
Vincent:
linode
chobani
bargnani
Tyler:
calexico
essentia 
Audible
Rohma 
bai 
target
Dunkin
Siam 
CVS
Riteaid
Nike 
Shahzoda 
starbucks
chipotle 
coca cola
Shahzoda: respond to natalia 
Shahzoda: respond to linkedin 
Sweaters:
Vincent Vacation : Dec 29- Jan 22th 
shahzoda schedule meeting 
Siam: Focus on newsletter and website
Vincent: Poster Facultea 
Langsam:
we asked for new tables
we asked for door 
anything else in the email
Goetz:
hackathon 
clubroom 
update him all event 
ask if he can ask come to facultea talk
Responsibility:
Linkedin: Shahzoda
Tech Talk: Vincent 
Cyber Monday: Siam 
Facul-tea: Tyler 
11/6/2019- Goetz Meeting:
I. FaculTea- professors to ask:
	Gross
	Weiss
	yanfosky
	Mandel
II. Hackathon
	give him a general update
	Asking us:
		who makes up the project
			-explain tracks
			-we are not participating ourselves
How to judge people with uneven computing capabilities
	graphing cards etc,
	can we let people borrow computers
Infrastructure
	can wifi support everyone
	charging stations
	-library (?), Cafeteria
Its not on superbowl Sunday
Contingency Plans:
	What if there is a power outage?
He will reach out for merchandise for us?
Break up tiers by cost
	-play with the numbers
Ask Redbull
Goetz will reach out to vitamin water 
III. ClubRoom Stuff
	we can email him
	-put in request tech fee
		-3D printer, raspberry pi, chips, VR Set (Professor raphan has one)
	-printers, computer he'll put a request in for
	-wifi
	-check salvage (from the school Basement of Rosevelt, but call facilities 5885)
	-email him wishlist
	- they have a sofa
11/11/2019
I. Hackathon
	Vincent made the email- specifically reach out to sponsers
WICS- meeting
		not everyone needs to be there
		Tomorrow common hour, 1-2
			Vincent, Rohma and ask Shahzoda
	Erf submit Thursday, email Hamilton after we submit ERF
		meeting with USG following week Tuesday 26th
		have meeting SUBO
II. relationship coordinator 
wics - Vincent, Shahzoda
engineering - Siam, Rohma
	Send Alvin poster for cyber monday
math - Tyler, Rohma 
magner - Shahzoda, Siam 
womens center - Rohma, Tyler 
None of us have done anything, should reach out
II. Cyber Monday 25th: Siam
Sweaters: go to USG tomorrow 9AM
Siam and Rohma: Questions
	how will we hand them out?
		on pen and paper
		custom hackerranks?
III. Tech talk 19th
	Vincent in charge
Chuang will send the proposal tomorrow, finish poster
IV. FaciulTea-Time 13th: 2-4
NEED TO PROMOTE MORE
Food: Tea (ROHMA Bring in Kettle), Coffee, buy tea bags, kosher cookies, finger food, cups, cheese and crackers, cured meat, trays
target run Wednesday morning
Invite CS Professors
Tyler, Siam, Vincent, Rohma will reach out to professor
Goetz, Cox, Yanfosky, Mermelstein, Kletenic, Sokol, Chuang
Email people on Mailchip
Siam and Rohma
Agenda:
Langsam talks about CUNY2x
Social, fun event
bring in games, scrabble, jenga, chess, 
V. Code and Stuff, Nov 26th
need to submit ERF 
Hackweek- Rohma and Tyler will submit ERFâ€™s Thursday night
Chuma, Etsy 
Alex, Amazon 
Fekri, Google 
Alveraz, JPMC
Rita, Google
Rohma think more on this 
Shahzoda: do more sponsorship
everyone reach out to three 
Vincent:
linode
chobani
bargnani
Tyler:
calexico
essentia 
Audible
Rohma 
bai 
target
Dunkin- corporate says to reach out to individual franchise
Siam 
CVS
Riteaid
Nike 
Shahzoda 
starbucks
chipotle 
coca cola
Siam: Focus on newsletter and website
Vincent: doc about projects
bc.cis email is in charge of doc
we will approve comments
Summary: FACULTEA
Genesis: says hi! (and dropped of dongle)
11/17/2019
Congrats on Facul-tea time 
shoutout to tyler, siam and vincent 
what can be better next time?
shahzoda: maybe more help for sign-in sheet, photos, on the day extra helping hands?
Come early to set up
ask people in the room to help
One person for sign-in sheet one person for photos
WiCS meeting review 
the good: easy for us to collaborate
the not-so: figure out application process, not discriminate but still be 50/50;
Tech Talk-Tuesday 11/19
miriam & chuang must be updated
must invite people personally, go class to class
sign in sheet, photos, food (Vincent) taken care of
Get people to help for day of stuff
Intro ex. â€œhey everyone, thank you so much for coming. Pizza will be coming soon. We will have a 30 minute talk with our speaker Miriam, and then Professor Chuang will give a talk. Please remember to keep this club a happy, friendly community.â€
Food: 
Tyler will give vincent the form
pizza comes: vincent gives the form to the delivery guy, take the receipt and save it
Siam try to meet with Miriam to go over slides
overall lead: vincent 
Cyber Monday Games-Monday 11/25
overall lead: Siam 
Siam, Rohma, Shahzoda come up questions
Prizes: we wonâ€™t get sweaters in time
Have more detailed prize system
look at meet the boards white paper and make one for Cyber Monday
Break it up into 3 competitions, each an hour long, discuss details further on
Food: snacks- break down what snacks and how much
put it on newsletter, but also need a seperate website with breakdown of event, questions
Siam look into it - but assign tasks
Newsletter 
will be sent out tonight 
Hackathon:
shout out to rohma !!
meet with wics 
vincent - allina
shahzoda - reham 
rohma - prob no one 
Any updates on sponsorship?
linkedin: have to see if they have tax benefits
Tyler to find out Monday
need example check
wics meeting went well
assigning, maybe redefine?
wics - Vincent, Shahzoda
engineering - Siam, Rohma
math - Tyler, Rohma 
magner - Shahzoda, Siam 
womenâ€™s center - Rohma, Tyler 
Interest form
gives us demographic breakdown
we tell them first that the hackathon is live
Breakdown on application process
Vincent talk to us, Kevin and meet up with Allina
Make sure SAIL is cool with it, (as well us us and WICS)
Shahzoda talks to Rey about sponsors Wednesday
Rohma
wait for Allina to reach out to me
Workshops during hackathon
space constraints?


11/25/2019
Cyber Monday 
was pushed to Feb 
Siam will continue to work on it 
post-mortem: 
aim to plan and assign 2 months ahead 
not everyone needs to host an event 
plan all events during break
tech talks 
Event:
ERF
submit paperworks 
Promotion 
posters, posts, in class announcements
Execution 
day of volunteers, pizza volunteers
Newsletter 
newsletter wasnâ€™t done 
post-mortem status:
maybe shift it around so other people do it as well
checking in more often 
Hackathon Updates
wics meeting: 
hamilton update
no to subo 
shahzoda: follow up with bridget on
WEB 
Ingersoll 148 
Ingersoll 1148 and 1172
magner center 


goetz follow up on her sponsorships?
YES! letâ€™s open the communication channels 
Coffee & Stuff
pretend this was never in the plan ! !
i donâ€™t think erfâ€™s are in
also shahzoda didnâ€™t assign anyone 
Meeting 12/02/2019 
WiCS meeting
kicking out eli
speaking to steven 
shanna is hesitant to kick out people 
action points
allina: emails eli
people can now request to have another e-board member with them 
kicking out people is two step process
kick them out of the clubroom and then events
Shanna: wants to make the guidelines 
Hackathon:
bridget emailed no to Ingersoll until next year 
emailed bridget about cs rooms -> no response 
Can we get Boylan and WEB and CS rooms and Library?
go to CS Office
go to Michelle Anderson Office B 2129 
Email USG: about grant meeting -> Tyler 
Rohma: speak to Paul 
rohma: Email miyano 
Newsletter:
shahzoda review newsletter 
make a feedback survey 
how did the events go
suggestions for next evens
what can we do better overall
1-5 how much did you learn
do you wanna be on eboard?
do you wanna present?
comments 

Meeting 12/17/2020


I. Girls game night 
Promoting (vincent) 
Food (tyler) 
Host (Shahzoda ? Rohma?) 
II.Hackathon
Collect Contributors pic (google form)
Registration forms(Vincent)
Guest list form(Vincent)
Finish up the web site (shahzoda, siam and kevin) 
Schedule(Vincent, Kevin, Reham)
Budget meeting with the club (Friday 21st or Saturday 22nd)
III. Newsletter 
Tyler and vincent (content creator)  
Review (Siam) 
IV. Coffee and code 
Promote (vincent) start by wednesday 
Food (tyler) 
Hosting (Siam and vincent) 


